What is going on gays and welcome Mark so in this video we're going to be working up with the pop up
plug in.
OK we're going to add a pop up plug into that.
If someone clicks this burden here should be a pop up saying that and trigger details and everything.
So it will look great on a computer Web site.
Not not not on a phone but on phone.
It should take directly to my home.
This one might be OK if I Clicks this if I click this it's going to take me to the higher Me page.
OK.
And if someone clicks this on a computer it should open up a pop up.
OK so let's get started.
First of all would you have a do we have to just make sure that you save everything and then you have
to come here and you have to go to dashboard.
OK.
And now here what I want to do I want to install a pop up plug in so let's go ahead and lotted Adenine.
Let's see that.
What are the pop up plug ins for wordpress.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to pop up plug in we press OK.
It's going to stretch and
I forgot to plug in I always use a think this was the one I use or the papa builder.
So these two ones pop up make her TMB street dead.
Let's go down.
Let's see this.
This crane shots up there so that I can understand it easily.
Yes this is the one.
OK.
So we're going to be using this plug in right now.
You can also go with so many plug ins.
There are also the customization videos and the plug ins that you can watch them and then you can see
how these plug ins work.
OK so it totally depends upon you.
OK what I want to do I want to install this plugin right now I'm going to come here and I'm going to
hit.
And I'm going to basically search pop up OK and here you should be seeing that plug in.
So here we have the pop maker T.M. best rate and I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit install
now.
And you can see that it has been activated and is going to come here and I'm going to hit activate and
this plug in should be activated right now.
So after this plugin is activated we're going to make the changes.
OK.
I'm just going to skip because I don't on any off the newsletter.
There we go.
We want to add a pop up right now.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit add all up OK.
And this probably is going to be the public needs so you can have a pop up name pop up name is going
to be high or me.
So you get at any of the names right here and not be visible to you.
OK.
And here I want to do the time.
So I just basically want to get the cord off that the contact form.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to go to the contact forms right here and I want to crab discord.
So the higher you hire me from I'm just going to copy this form and I'm going to just skim here and
I'm going to drag it and drop a trade here so you can add anything right here.
You can also add like hello world.
OK let's just add hello world for right now hello world.
OK.
And what I want now is that trigger that how you want this pop up to open so what I want I need to trigger
that how I want my papa to open.
So if someone clicks then this pop up should open.
OK.
And this we can choose that how we want the public to be open.
So link exact match link containing link begins with link and vid.
So Lincoln taining can be very OK.
I'm just going to come here and a tease here.
Lincoln.
So if my link contains hash and then hire me if my Lincoln Daines this hire me hash tag hire me then
it's going to show the pop up OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit this OK.
And what I want to do right now is that.
So I don't want to add any conditions you can.
Conditions are used to limit and in Whoville to see a pop up.
So you can show the condition that all pages pages with selected Borst are like my Roberti media categories
format and something like that.
OK.
So you can disable this pop up on mobile devices and you can disable this pop up on tablet devices so
you can do that as well.
OK.
Let's go ahead and let's hit publish right now.
And I want to go to my Web site here.
Let's just come here and close the stop and after coming to my site I want to basically added this with
elementary and I'm going to add the hash tag.
Hire me Dagh here.
So here I want to come I want to click this
and I want to add this Dilling should be hash.
Hire me.
OK.
I want to get in here and I want to hit save.
There we go.
OK.
Now what I want to do I just want to open this up this page right now.
Iten zealot comp.
OK.
And now you're going to see this how would this pop up where it's OK if someone clicks this you can
see this pop up is right here and it says hello world.
This problem is giving.
So this is outworks
OK you can change the team.
You can change it to be like framed botter cutting edge halo box and prize blue light box.
So I just like this one.
Let's go ahead and let it update.
You can even customize this team if you want to.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to Sri Festus.
And then let's come here and let's refresh.
Here you go.
This is how it is looking.
The light box so you can customize this as well.
OK.
You can also go with the cutting edge cutting edge looks pretty decent as well.
If you want to go with a cutting edge you can also go with
OK.
So I think that this cutting edge is basically going up into our team our team so you can also customize
the scene you just have to come here and it's going to take you to the customized team where you can
just change the overlay setting so you can see that this is how it is looking.
You can change the background color or you can change the container color or you can change the padding
so it's going to basically do exactly as how it's going to look.
So then we have the Bactrim color.
We have the border you want the border to be and this is how you can do it.
So I'm just going to come here to pop up teams OK and you can see that we have so many teams right here
so you can just hit just control and edit at it at it at it and at it and at it you can see that these
are here right here.
So let's see how this is going to look.
This bubble is going to look how this probably is going to look and how this one is going to look.
This one and this one.
So I basically like this one the cutting edge one.
OK.
What I want to do I want to overlay to be low.
The overlay is going to be blue
that opacity should be more OK and or you can go with the overlay to be black.
OK.
The overlay should be black.
OK the opacity should be 72 percent.
You can increase the opacity.
I think this much.
Then we have the container.
So the container or the background colors should be blue.
You can go with the background colors to be white.
OK.
And this is the text color the text color
titled settings so title can be white.
Titles should be Plack or yes and the text shadow the content sitting in the corner and turning you
need to manage the color so you can see that the title is black right now.
And I want to go to the Condon's settings on settings should be Plack Harry go and the clothes.
So the clothes button is going to be this.
The padding is is this desk top pride.
We have the font we have the color and then we have the background so we have the background.
I just wanted the background to be
full blue and the colors should be white.
Let's have a look.
OK.
This is our papa is going to appear.
There we go.
I just can move on with this so you can also go read the style of the border.
I think
the true Von
get just choose none.
OK.
Let's have a look at everything right now so everything looks cool.
Yes.
OK.
Now what I want to do I just want to come here and I want to hit a date.
So this team is going to be updated right now.
Now I want to come here to my website to refresh this and let's it you or me so you can see how this
is looking.
This is how my pop up is coming.
So this problem is also responsive.
You can see that if I did that if my screen size is changing this pop up size is also changing.
OK.
So you can show it on all devices and he can also just do not show it on mobile devices if you want
to.
OK.
Now what I want to do I want to add the frame rate here in the BOP.
So I'm just going to close all these stamps.
OK close this one as well.
ALEX Kim here let's skim here to all pop ups in the public maker.
OK.
And I want to go to it and here I want to paste that code that seased contact form.
So I want to base that conduct from ID.
OK.
I want to code down and I want to update OK.
And here I want to come here and I want to refresh this.
Here you go.
That's it.
And this is how it's looking.
So we have name email business name select the service Chouan your message and then said I want to add
the title to be and the title would be.
Hire me.
OK.
I also wanted to add one line so that is going to be.
Please fill this form
for hiring
Let's come here and let's say a date.
OK.
Now let's come here let's refresh this page
in a hurry so you can see the title The description in here it says everything.
So if my screen say you just change you can see how this is this pop up is looking.
OK so now we have created a pop up.
We are done with everything.
Now we want to do the mobile optimization.
And also just disabled US pop up on mobile devices.
So if someone clicks this pop up this way this burden on the mobile device you should be redirected
to this page instead of opening the pop up because we don't want to open up pop up on mobile devices
otherwise it would be a little bit of a mess and I don't want my viewers to be messy not that messy
Ronaldo messy but messy messy normal messy.
OK so thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video we're going to optimize the website for this mobo and also Sohlberg.
I'm going to show you how can you just disable a burden on mobile devices and how can you do it with
it.
So stay tuned.
And lie.